Jiang Family Jiang Tianye greets all seniors
Please rest assured.
Chen Beixuan is hard to fly today
He can't escape
Ah!
Take a good look at who I am
It's You
Subordinates see government
That's not possible.
Each of you has the strength of the sky and the earth
How can you be willing to submit to a small family
You must all be fake
Your money is fake.
It's all fake
I owe you in the rivers and lakes, I won't let you fight
I'm afraid your wife will have to take care of it
Big things are inexpensive
I want your life to be reversed
But I won't be so cheap.
I will leave you with nothing
Taste the pain on earth and then die in despair
Every day you live
It's the first sentence in the world
Chen Boxuan
Don't think you are invincible
Compared to the strength of the real family behind me
You are nothing more than a dragon chair
Okay, I'd like to see it
How many murderers are behind the Chen family?
It's your backstage who was ordered
It was my path forward.
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Bah, I'll spare your life today
Go back and send a message to the people behind you.
Wash your neck and wait for me